=head1 NAME

synctl-list - Print the server snapshots

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<synctl list> [<options>...] [--server=<location> | <profile>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Print the snapshots of the specified server. The server is specified either by
a profile containing the location of the server or with the '--server' option.
If specified by profile, the search path for the profile file can be changed
with the '--directory' option.

Several filters can be applied to the filter list. The options '--older',
'--newer' and '--date' filter the snapshots by their creation date while the
'--contain' option allow to select only snapshots containing specific files.
These filter options can be specified many times.

The snapshots are listed by chronological order. This can be modified with the
'--reverse' option to list snapshots newest first. The '--format' option allows
to choose precisely what to print.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -C <path>, --directory=<path>

Change the search path for the profile file. This options may be specified many
times to indicate many search directories. Several paths separated by ':' can
be specified in a single option.

=item -c <path>, --contain=<path>

Only list the snapshots containing the specified file relative to the snapshot
root.

=item -d <regex>, --date=<regex>

Only list the snapshots having a creation date matching the given perl-regex.

=item -f <format>, --format=<format>

Specify the print format, which is a printf-style string where the following
replacements are made :

    %Y    Year of the snapshot creation (0000 .. 1970 .. )
    %m    Month of the snapshot creation (01 .. 12)
    %d    Day of month of the snapshot creation (01 .. 31)
    %H    Hour of the snapshot creation (00 .. 23)
    %M    Minute of the snapshot creation (00 .. 59)
    %S    Second of the snapshot creation (00 .. 59)
    %u    Unique identifier of the snapshot (32 x 0..f)

=item -i, --invert

Change the behavior of the '--date' option to list only the snapshots having a
creation date *not* matching the perl-regex.

=item -n <date>, --newer=<date>

Only list the snapshots newer than the specified date. A date is a prefix of
a string like 'YYYY-mm-dd-HH-MM-SS'.

=item -o <date>, --older=<date>

Only list the snapshots older than the specified date. A date is a prefix of
a string like 'YYYY-mm-dd-HH-MM-SS'.

=item -r, --reverse

Print the snapshots the newest first.

=item -s <location>, --server=<location>

Indicate the location of the server to list. A location has the form
'(protocol)://(path)(path-extensions)'. If the protocol is 'file', it may be
omitted.

=item -v<level>, --verbose=<level>

Change the verbosity level. If specified with an argument, defines the new
level, from 0 (nothing) to 4 (debug). If specified without an argument,
increment the level by 1. The default level is 2 (warning).

=item --ssh-local=<command>

Use the specified command on the local side when accessing an ssh server.
Default is 'ssh'.

=item --ssh-remote=<command>

Use the specified command on the remote side when accessing an ssh server.
Default is 'synctl serve'.

=back

=cut
