=head1 NAME

synctl-send - Backup the client on a new snapshot

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<synctl send> [<options>...] [--client=<path> --server=<location> | <profile>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Send a new snapshot of the given client to the given server. Both the client
and the server are either specified by the profile or by the '--client' and
'--server' options. The client is an absolute or relative path while the server
is a location in the form <protocol>://<path>[:<remote-path>] where protocol
is one of 'file' for a local server or 'ssh' for a remote server. If the
protocol is 'file', than only the <path> may be specified.
If both the client and server are specified by options, the profile may be
omitted.

Some files may be excluded from the snapshot with the '--exclude' and
'--include' options. Each of these options may be specified multiple times with
a filter which can be either a glob path, starting by a '/' or a perl-regex.
For each seeked file of the client, the filters are applied in-order and the
first to match indicates if the file is included or excluded. If a directory is
excluded, its sub-files are *not* checked and automatically excluded.

The client path, server location or include/exclude filters may be specified
both in the profile and with the options. For the client and server, the option
have priority while include/exclude options are appended to the ones specified
in the profile.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -C <path>, --directory=<path>

Change the search path for the profile file. This options may be specified many
times to indicate many search directories. Several paths separated by ':' can
be specified in a single option.

=item -c <path>, --client=<path>

Indicate the path of the client to send to the server as a new snapshot.

=item -e <filter>, --exclude=<filter>

Indicate the files matching the filter should be excluded of the snapshot.

=item -i <filter>, --include=<filter>

Indicate the files matching the filter should be included in the snapshot.

=item -s <location>, --server=<location>

Indicate the location of the server to list. A location has the form
'(protocol)://(path)(path-extensions)'. If the protocol is 'file', it may be
omitted.

=item --ssh-local=<command>

Use the specified command on the local side when accessing an ssh server.
Default is 'ssh'.

=item --ssh-remote=<command>

Use the specified command on the remote side when accessing an ssh server.
Default is 'synctl serve'.

=item -v<level>, --verbose=<level>

Change the verbosity level. If specified with an argument, defines the new
level, from 0 (nothing) to 4 (debug). If specified without an argument,
increment the level by 1. The default level is 2 (warning).

=back

=cut
