=head1 NAME

synctl-rm - Remove on or more snapshots from the server

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<synctl rm> [<options>...] [--server=<location> | <profile>] <snapshot>...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Remove one or several snapshots from the specified server. The server can be
specified either in the profile or with the '--server' option. In this last
case, the profile may be omitted. The snapshots are prefixes of the expression
'YYYY-mm-dd-HH-MM-SS-u{32}'.

By default, ask confirmation before to remove any snapshot, unless the
'--force' option is specified.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -C <path>, --directory=<path>

Change the search path for the profile file. This options may be specified many
times to indicate many search directories. Several paths separated by ':' can
be specified in a single option.

=item -f, --force

Avoid to ask confirmation before to remove the snapshots.

=item -s <location>, --server=<location>

Indicate the location of the server to list. A location has the form
'(protocol)://(path)(path-extensions)'. If the protocol is 'file', it may be
omitted.

=item -v<level>, --verbose=<level>

Change the verbosity level. If specified with an argument, defines the new
level, from 0 (nothing) to 4 (debug). If specified without an argument,
increment the level by 1. The default level is 2 (warning).

=item --ssh-local=<command>

Use the specified command on the local side when accessing an ssh server.
Default is 'ssh'.

=item --ssh-remote=<command>

Use the specified command on the remote side when accessing an ssh server.
Default is 'synctl serve'.

=back

=cut
